Hey, okay, okay
Pretty good, huh?
You're finally back!
Come and sit
come
Grandfather-in-law
What happened just now, laughing so happily
Normal and I have heard it all the way.
Not this Xiao Chan, right?
Ah yes
The man your cousin has been waiting for for six years
He said he had trillions in assets overseas
I also got a company called Tianwang Dian
Hahaha Temple of Heavenly Kings
Isn't that the place where Maitreya Buddha is enshrined?
Hey, I'm late autumn.
The man you are looking for is not just a beggar
Still an idiot hahaha
Grandpa came in a hurry this time
I have prepared a small gift for you.
It's just grandpa
This is the treasure of the town store of Baicaotang
30 year old wild ginseng
It's worth hundreds of thousands
Our brother Hao specially brought it to honor you.
Hahaha diva
This is intentional, haha, it should be.
Grandpa likes it
Hey
Billionaire
You should have taken a priceless gift, right?
Take it out and show it to us all
What priceless
Then put it there
It's just a supplement for tens of dollars
This is
I said Xiao Chen
You're a billionaire.
How to make two pieces of trash for grandpa?
Zhang Yi will tear these two bags in a while
Just throw it in the trash, yeah
Garbage should be in the trash can